# AMIUBCSMAS 0.3

##### or

## Alberto's Most Incomplete, Undocumented and Badly Coded  
Stars! Mapper, Analyzer and Simulator

#### (called "StarAna", as in STARs! ANAlyzer, by friends)

* * *

Welcome to the web page dedicated to my program, you can browse here the documentation of the program as well as see some screenshots of from it. If you want to download it keep in mind that the program is not meant for "total newbies", but anyone able to play as complex as Stars! should be able to use without difficulty the current version.

The title says version 0.3, but in fact the current version is 0.2f16, which is a preliminary 0.3\. As soon as the packeting/gating/boming forms are activated I'll pass to 0.3 proper.

<font color="#FF4000">Late breaking **bad** news! The "new starana" project is very very probably dead. Dirk Thierbach doesn't have time to devolve on it, and neither do I. Also, the little time I have I prefer to spend coding for [<font color="#00FFFF">Stellar Legacy</font>](http://stellarlegacy.tsx.org), the open-source Stars!-clone project, which (I think) is much more interesting.</font>

Version 0.2 is still available [here](oldversion/).

The program now includes several nice features, like ability to slurp directly the report generated by Stars patch 'i' (you need to use a perl script for older patches). It also has a nice window-based interface with big friendly buttons. The windows 95 version was built using [<font color="#00FFFF">Cygwin Project</font>](http://sourceware.cygnus.com/cygwin/) environment: this requires you to install a X server on your your system. A very complete list of X servers for win95 can be found at [<font color="#00FFFF">http://www.rahul.net/kenton/xsites.html</font>](http://www.rahul.net/kenton/xsites.html), just check the section on "X/Motif for Microsoft Windows, Macintosh, and other OSs". Personally, I use the demo version of [<font color="#00FFFF">Xwin-32</font>](http://www.starnet.com/product.htm), which is sufficient to use the program. (Yes, I know, in order to download the demo version they'll ask you to give some info, annoying, but the other companies asked more...some even marked as "required" the phone number! :).

You can have a look at a [[screenshot]](v02screenshot.gif) (made under linux, on windows 95 it's slightly different), and also a description of the various windows used by the program: [main display window](windows-maindisplay.html), [race report windows](windows-race.html), [general view selection](windows-general.html), [planet status + misc](windows-specific.html).

Read the documentation online:

*   [advert.txt](advert.txt), which you probably already saw on the newsgroup rec.computer.games.stars.
*   [install.txt](install.txt), the installation guide, a good link to follow before downloading huge files, since it specifies the requirements to run the program.
*   [starana.txt](starana.txt), the "user guide", which provides the information on what the program does.
*   [planets.txt](planets.txt), the description of the planeraty display functions.
*   [fleets.txt](fleets.txt), the description of the fleet display functions.

...or download the latest 'stable' packages. Do not be scared by "mismatching" version numbers, if it was not updated it means it has not changed. You can download either the complete one...

*   Download [<font color="#FFFF00">sa-0.2g3-beginner.zip</font>](developement/stable/sa-0.2g3-beginner.zip), the full starana "user" package, includes binaries, DLLs, docs and example. Useful as a first-time download (1,074,517 bytes).

...or the components separately...

*   Download [<font color="#FFFF00">sa-0.2g3-doc.zip</font>](developement/stable/sa-0.2g3-doc.zip), documentation and examples for the program (77,827 bytes).
*   Download [<font color="#FFFF00">sa-0.2g3-bin.zip</font>](developement/stable/sa-0.2g3-bin.zip), the bare windows 95 executable (468,446 bytes).
*   Download [<font color="#FFFF00">sa-0.2f16-windll.zip</font>](developement/stable/sa-0.2f16-windll.zip), required DLL files (note: if you have Project Cygwin's environment installed then you already have those) (531,117 bytes).
*   Download [<font color="#FFFF00">sa-0.2g3-src.tar.gz</font>](developement/stable/sa-0.2g3-src.tar.gz), source files, almost C++, good if you want to use it on linux or see how it works (138,643 bytes).

...or check the [developement directory](developement/) to get/see/browse the latest developement version.

You can also see the example [master file](sa.smf) which is included with the documentation, the only stuff you need to type in to be able to use the program. If you want to use the additional special effects for object production / full fleet management have a look at the [complex master file](sa-complex.smf) to see what you need to type in.

* * *

[Send feedback](/feedback.html)
