Welcome to the 5 Jul 1998 version of AMIUBCSMAS/StarAna.

Ok, so you know how to decompress the archive......it's a good sign.

The package is divided in 4 parts, and you need more than one to do
anything. Make sure you have at bin/windll/doc for use under windows
95 and src/doc for use under linux.

Check the files in the doc/ subdirectory. The info is subdivided in
several files.

Advert.txt you have already read, probably.

Install.txt contains some information on win95/linux installation,
start from this file.

Then starana.txt, for a "normal user" description of what the program
does and how to use it.

Pfdisplay.txt comes next, with the explanation of how to manipulate
the planetary display functions. Fleets will work like that one day,
too.

If you feel like trying you can look in technicalia.txt for technical
details.  It's outdated, I have added some stuff which is not
described in there.

If you're on linux you need to edit Makefile.local to suit your needs
before entering src/ for the compilation.

You can read src/ChangeLog to see what has changed in time....
Doc/rules is probably useless to you (and to me :).

Ok, have fun and don't rm -rf your root partition by mistake...

Alberto
(e-mail: ishark@lsh01.univ-lille1.fr)


Ah, I was forgetting:

LICENSE, CONTRIBUTIONS, WARRANTIES (hahaha!)

This code is scareware, which is the same as freeware, except that the
source is included to scare people. You can freely use and distribute
it (the complete package). You can also hack it or derive stuff from
it, in which case I'd like to be in the credits.

If you REALLY want to send me something (e-mail, money, germanium,
armageddon missiles, etc.) you can, of course (hmm...you can keep the
missiles), but, honestly, I don't need any money (e-mail I like and
germanium might always come in handy). Well, at least RIGHT NOW, I'll
make sure to change this paragraph should the need arise ;)

Of course there's no warranty coming with this program. You might lose
time, wives, stars! games, etc......and I can't be held responsible for
it in ANY way. If your HD gets wiped or your system corrupted or
anything else I can't be held responsible, too, but I'd like to know
HOW you managed to do that (if you're working under Winbog don't tell
me, switching on and waiting is sufficient........).
