AMIUBCSMAS 0.3

or

Alberto's Most Incomplete, Undocumented and Badly Coded
Stars! Mapper, Analyzer and Simulator

(called "StarAna", as in STARs! ANAlyzer, by friends)

install.txt version 0.3, 22 Nov 1998


WINDOWS INSTALLATION

- you will need to have an "X server" installed to be able to run
starana. I use the demo version of Xwin-32, available at:

http://www.starnet.com/product.htm

It has some requirements, i.e. to have some kind of network support
installed. If you have a network card in your computer then you have
network support and everything will be fine. If you have a modem then
you probably have network support. The documentation and FAQ of
Xwin-32 explains what to do to run the server, check it. (BTW I
suggest download and try, if it doesn't work start reading the
doc.....);
[There are other servers available, check:
http://www.rahul.net/kenton/xsites.html
for a comprehensive list.]

- download the starana binaries and DLLs for win95 and the
documentation/examples;

- unpack it, you'll get a starana-0.2/bin directory with the files:
one exe file, two dll libraries and a README. In order to use the
program you also need default.pfl which is in the documentation
package (it contains the default planet views). You should make a copy
of default.pfl in the directory where you will put the "master file"
for the game (you can do this later).

- check "Running starana" in starana.txt for instructions on how to
  run it (you can't just click on it.....but almost :)



LINUX INSTALLATION / RECOMPILING STARANA

Make sure you have some experience in dealing with C++
compilations/errors/etc.

If you have linux you need to have g++ and X11 development stuff
installed. You also need to have the XForms library installed. You can
fetch it from:

http://bragg.phys.uwm.edu/xforms

If you want to recompile on win95 you need to use the Cygnus' Project
Cygwin package, found at:

http://sourceware.cygnus.com/cygwin/

You also need XForms (see above for link) and X11R6 libraries. I also
used egcs to compile instead of the classic g++. Follow the links from
Cygnus' site to get to the pages where you can download those
packages. Be prepared for a long (20+M) download.

Then:

- get the starana source distribution;

- alter Makefile.local to suit your needs;

Cd to src/ and type make.

You SHOULD have no problem, as I tried both processes and they work.
In any case you can contact me and I'll try to reply as fast as I can.
